obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
obj\Debug\Csound_Ghost_Writer.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
obj\Release\Csound_Ghost_Writer.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
bin\Debug\Csound Ghost_Writer.exe.manifest
bin\Debug\Csound Ghost_Writer.application
bin\Debug\Csound Ghost_Writer.exe
bin\Debug\Csound Ghost_Writer.pdb
bin\Debug\Csound Ghost_Writer.xml
obj\Debug\Csound_Ghost_Writer.Form1.resources
obj\Debug\Csound_Ghost_Writer.frmAbout.resources
obj\Debug\Csound_Ghost_Writer.frmFstatement.resources
obj\Debug\Csound_Ghost_Writer.frmLoop.resources
obj\Debug\Csound_Ghost_Writer.Resources.resources
obj\Debug\Csound Ghost_Writer.exe.manifest
obj\Debug\Csound Ghost_Writer.application
obj\Debug\Csound Ghost_Writer.exe
obj\Debug\Csound Ghost_Writer.xml
obj\Debug\Csound Ghost_Writer.pdb
obj\Debug\Csound_Ghost_Writer.frmcsoundBackground.resources
obj\Debug\Csound_Ghost_Writer.frmGWdetails.resources
bin\Release\Csound Ghost_Writer.exe.manifest
bin\Release\Csound Ghost_Writer.application
bin\Release\Csound Ghost_Writer.exe
bin\Release\Csound Ghost_Writer.pdb
bin\Release\Csound Ghost_Writer.xml
obj\Release\Csound_Ghost_Writer.Form1.resources
obj\Release\Csound_Ghost_Writer.frmAbout.resources
obj\Release\Csound_Ghost_Writer.frmcsoundBackground.resources
obj\Release\Csound_Ghost_Writer.frmFstatement.resources
obj\Release\Csound_Ghost_Writer.frmGWdetails.resources
obj\Release\Csound_Ghost_Writer.frmLoop.resources
obj\Release\Csound_Ghost_Writer.Resources.resources
obj\Release\Csound Ghost_Writer.exe.manifest
obj\Release\Csound Ghost_Writer.application
obj\Release\Csound Ghost_Writer.exe
obj\Release\Csound Ghost_Writer.xml
obj\Release\Csound Ghost_Writer.pdb
obj\Debug\Csound_Ghost_Writer.frmMainMixer.resources
obj\Release\Csound_Ghost_Writer.frmMainMixer.resources
bin\Debug\Interop.SpeechLib.dll
obj\Debug\Interop.SpeechLib.dll
obj\Debug\Csound_Ghost_Writer.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
bin\Release\Interop.SpeechLib.dll
obj\Release\Interop.SpeechLib.dll
obj\Release\Csound_Ghost_Writer.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
obj\Debug\Csound_Ghost_Writer.bufferSettings.resources
obj\Debug\Csound_Ghost_Writer.text2speech.resources
obj\Release\Csound_Ghost_Writer.bufferSettings.resources
obj\Release\Csound_Ghost_Writer.text2speech.resources
